adding legacy template api and re-numbering the index API overall (#10330)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/sm-api.md

SM uses a state machine for snapshot creation and deletion. The image on the left shows one execution period of the creation workflow, from the CREATION_START state to the CREATION_FINISHED state. Deletion workflow follows the same pattern as creation workflow. 

> The creation workflow starts in the CREATION_START state and continuously checks if the conditions in the creation cron schedule are met. After the conditions are met, the creation workflow switches to the CREATION_CONDITION_MET state and continues to the CREATING state. The CREATING state calls the Create Snapshot API asynchronously and then waits for snapshot creation to end in the CREATION_FINISHED state. Once snapshot creation ends, the creation workflow goes back to the CREATION_START state, and the cycle continues. The `current_state` field of `metadata.creation` and `metadata.deletion` returns the current state of the state machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The creation workflow starts in the CREATION_START state and continuously checks whether the conditions in the creation cron schedule are met. After the conditions are met, the creation workflow switches to the CREATION_CONDITION_MET state and continues to the CREATING state. The CREATING state calls the Create Snapshot API asynchronously and then waits for snapshot creation to end in the CREATION_FINISHED state. Once snapshot creation ends, the creation workflow returns to the CREATION_START state and the cycle continues. The `current_state` field of `metadata.creation` and `metadata.deletion` returns the current state of the state machine.
```
